## Python Lab

For the last 4 weeks you have been learning about data structures, design principles, and problem solving tactics in Python. Today you are going to put that all into practice - there is no lecture today. Instead, you are going to use this time to practice the topics you've been diligently learning. Up until this point, you have been given many assignments of varying difficulty, and today you are going to take this time to push your programming limits by working on those assignments that you couldn't quite complete.

One of the hardest things about programming problems is that sometimes they win because you don't have enough time to solve them. This difficulty is only made more prominent while learning how to program. One of the best ways to overcome this is to specifically devote time to working on problems that push you. The assignment in this folder was designed to that end - to be one that is very hard and that you will struggle with. Today, the programming lessons don't reside in answering a single question, but in building the framework to think about how to solve any question.

With that in mind, if there is a prior assignment that you worked on and didn't complete fully, that is perfect code to work on during this time. And, when you make a breakthrough with the problem, it will be that much more rewarding. Suggestions for assignments to work on are any of the ones from weeks 3 and 4.

If you feel as though you have completed all the former assignments to the best of your ability and are looking for something new to push your limits, we have another challenge for you. The assignment in this folder is designed to be very difficult, but also has some instructions to help guide you through the decision making process that you would be faced with if you were to tackle the problem by yourself. This will help you develop intuition for the kinds of choices you'll want to make when solving your own novel questions in Python in the future. 

While the assignment will suggest you take certain paths in solving the problem and even teach you new Python functionality that could lead to an easier solution, there is certainly not a single solution. So, please consider other tactics you could take while working through the assignment. If you think there's a better option than the one suggested by the assignment, by all means give it a try! The worst thing that can happen is that you'll learn, and that's what you're here to do. The instructors will be around to discuss different options with you to further aid in your journey of thinking about programming problems.
